# SOC-Prediction-Research

## Overview

SOC-Prediction-Research is a dissertation project for MSc Data Analytics and Information Systems Management at Arden University, Berlin. The project focuses on the prediction of soil organic carbon (SOC) for soil samples taken between 2009 and 2018 for the LUCAS project of the European Union through geospatial modelling.

## Project Structure

- `.dvc`: Directory related to DVC (Data Version Control).
- `.github/workflows`: Contains files for CI/CD (Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment) setup.
- `.vscode`: VSCode-related settings.
- `data`: Contains the data used in this project. This data is proprietary and not publicly available.
- `logs`: Contains logs generated by the application.
- `models`: Contains the machine learning models used or produced by this project.
- `results`: Contains the results of the machine learning models.
- `src`: Contains the source code for this project.
- `conda-requirements.txt`: Contains the conda requirements needed for this project.
- `dvc.lock` and `dvc.yaml`: DVC-related files.
- `requirements.txt`: Contains the python requirements needed for this project.
- `Dockerfile`: Contains the setup for Docker.

Other configuration and setup files include `.DS_Store`, `.dvcignore`, `.gitignore`, `.pre-commit-config.yaml`, `LICENSE`, and `README.md`.

## Getting Started

This project uses Docker for containerization. Please ensure you have Docker installed on your machine.

1. Clone this repository.
2. Pull the Docker image from Docker Hub using `docker pull autobotraos/miniconda3-dvc`. You can find more information [here](https://hub.docker.com/r/autobotraos/miniconda3-dvc) about this docker image.
3. Run the Docker image with `docker run -p 8080:8080 autobotraos/miniconda3-dvc`.

Please refer to the `requirements.txt` and `conda-requirements.txt` for the necessary Python and Conda dependencies.

## Usage

Please refer to the source code in the `src` directory to understand how to use the models and data.

## License

This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.

## Note

While the data used in this project is proprietary and not publicly available, the code can be used by the public.
